content/pages/terms-of-service.md, before:

---
type: PageLayout
title: ToS (Terms of Service)
sections:
  - type: TextSection
    colors: colors-f
    variant: variant-a
    title: Terms of Service
    subtitle: The section subtitle
    text: >
      *Last Updated: 01/18/2025 (mm/dd/yyyy)*


      Welcome to SpookyBot! By using SpookyBot, you agree to these Terms of
      Service. Please read them carefully before using the bot.


      ## 1. Introduction & Changes to Terms


      SpookyBot is a Discord bot designed to track and display the subscriber
      count of the YouTube channel SpookySeason/SpookySSN. We reserve the right
      to update or modify these terms at any time. Continued use of the bot
      after changes are made constitutes acceptance of the new terms.


      ## 2. Privacy Policy


      Your privacy is important to us. Please review our Privacy Policy at
      \[Insert Link] to understand how we handle your data.


      ## 3. User Behavior


      By using SpookyBot, you agree to:


      *   Not use the bot for illegal or malicious purposes.


      *   Not exploit, spam, or abuse the bot in any way.


      *   Follow Discord's Terms of Service and Community Guidelines.


      *   Respect other users when interacting with SpookyBot.


      ## 4. Copyright and Intellectual Property


      All content and branding associated with SpookyBot, including its name,
      functionality, and code, is owned by \[Your Name/Company]. Any
      unauthorized use, modification, or redistribution of SpookyBot’s services
      or assets is prohibited.


      ## 5. Limitations of Liability & Disclaimers


      *   SpookyBot is provided “as is” without warranties or guarantees of
      uptime, accuracy, or performance.


      *   We are not responsible for any loss, damage, or consequences arising
      from the use or inability to use SpookyBot.


      *   We do not guarantee the accuracy of subscriber counts, as data is
      retrieved from third-party sources.


      ## 6. Payments & Refunds


      *   SpookyBot may offer premium features. All payments are final and
      non-refundable unless explicitly stated otherwise.


      *   If a service disruption occurs, we will make reasonable efforts to
      resolve the issue but do not guarantee refunds.


      ## 7. Dispute Resolution


      Any disputes arising from these terms shall be resolved through informal
      negotiations. If no resolution is reached, disputes will be handled
      following the laws of the United States.


      ## 8. Contact Information


      For any questions or concerns regarding these Terms of Service, contact us
      at RoRvzzz\@pm.me


      By using SpookyBot, you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and
      agreed to these terms.
    elementId: ''
    styles:
      self:
        height: auto
        width: narrow
        padding:
          - pt-12
          - pb-36
          - pl-4
          - pr-4
        justifyContent: center
      title:
        textAlign: left
      subtitle:
        textAlign: left
      text:
        textAlign: left
addTitleSuffix: true
colors: colors-a
backgroundImage:
  type: BackgroundImage
  url: /images/bg2.jpg
  backgroundSize: cover
  backgroundPosition: center
  backgroundRepeat: no-repeat
  opacity: 80
---

Commit message:

terms-of-service.md: updated subtitle in sections

content/pages/terms-of-service.md, after:

---
type: PageLayout
title: ToS (Terms of Service)
sections:
  - type: TextSection
    colors: colors-f
    variant: variant-a
    title: Terms of Service
    subtitle: 'By using this bot, you agree to these terms.'
    text: >
      *Last Updated: 01/18/2025 (mm/dd/yyyy)*


      Welcome to SpookyBot! By using SpookyBot, you agree to these Terms of
      Service. Please read them carefully before using the bot.


      ## 1. Introduction & Changes to Terms


      SpookyBot is a Discord bot designed to track and display the subscriber
      count of the YouTube channel SpookySeason/SpookySSN. We reserve the right
      to update or modify these terms at any time. Continued use of the bot
      after changes are made constitutes acceptance of the new terms.


      ## 2. Privacy Policy


      Your privacy is important to us. Please review our Privacy Policy at
      \[Insert Link] to understand how we handle your data.


      ## 3. User Behavior


      By using SpookyBot, you agree to:


      *   Not use the bot for illegal or malicious purposes.


      *   Not exploit, spam, or abuse the bot in any way.


      *   Follow Discord's Terms of Service and Community Guidelines.


      *   Respect other users when interacting with SpookyBot.


      ## 4. Copyright and Intellectual Property


      All content and branding associated with SpookyBot, including its name,
      functionality, and code, is owned by \[Your Name/Company]. Any
      unauthorized use, modification, or redistribution of SpookyBot’s services
      or assets is prohibited.


      ## 5. Limitations of Liability & Disclaimers


      *   SpookyBot is provided “as is” without warranties or guarantees of
      uptime, accuracy, or performance.


      *   We are not responsible for any loss, damage, or consequences arising
      from the use or inability to use SpookyBot.


      *   We do not guarantee the accuracy of subscriber counts, as data is
      retrieved from third-party sources.


      ## 6. Payments & Refunds


      *   SpookyBot may offer premium features. All payments are final and
      non-refundable unless explicitly stated otherwise.


      *   If a service disruption occurs, we will make reasonable efforts to
      resolve the issue but do not guarantee refunds.


      ## 7. Dispute Resolution


      Any disputes arising from these terms shall be resolved through informal
      negotiations. If no resolution is reached, disputes will be handled
      following the laws of the United States.


      ## 8. Contact Information


      For any questions or concerns regarding these Terms of Service, contact us
      at RoRvzzz\@pm.me


      By using SpookyBot, you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and
      agreed to these terms.
    elementId: ''
    styles:
      self:
        height: auto
        width: narrow
        padding:
          - pt-12
          - pb-36
          - pl-4
          - pr-4
        justifyContent: center
      title:
        textAlign: left
      subtitle:
        textAlign: left
      text:
        textAlign: left
addTitleSuffix: true
colors: colors-a
backgroundImage:
  type: BackgroundImage
  url: /images/bg2.jpg
  backgroundSize: cover
  backgroundPosition: center
  backgroundRepeat: no-repeat
  opacity: 80
---
